README.md, before:

# Microsoft Graph Training Module - Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK

This module will introduce you to working with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK in creating an ASP.NET MVC web application to access data in Office 365.

This module is based on the following Microsoft Learn module: [Build ASP.NET MVC web applications with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/msgraph-build-aspnetmvc-apps)

## Lab - Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK

In this lab you will create an ASP.NET MVC application, configured with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for authentication & authorization, that accesses data in Office 365 using the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK.

- [ASP.NET Microsoft Graph tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/training/aspnet-tutorial)

## Demos

The [Demos](./Demos) directory in this repository contains copies of the project that correspond to completing individual sections of the tutorial. If you just want to demo a particular section of the tutorial, you can start with the version from the previous section.

- [01-create-app](Demos/01-create-app): Completed [Create an ASP.NET MVC web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/training/aspnet-tutorial?tutorial-step=1)
- [02-add-aad-auth](Demos/02-add-aad-auth): Completed [Add Azure AD authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/training/aspnet-tutorial?tutorial-step=3)
- [03-add-msgraph](Demos/03-add-msgraph): Completed [Get calendar data](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/training/aspnet-tutorial?tutorial-step=4)

## Completed sample

If you just want the completed sample generated by following this lab, you can find it here.

- [Completed project](Demos/03-add-msgraph)

## Watch the Module

This module has been recorded and is available in the Office Development YouTube channel: [Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWZJrkeLOrbbvS7emYY-gPhLkMaXSPtQs)

## Contributors

| Roles                | Author(s)                                                                                                      |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Lab / Slides / Demos | Andrew Connell (Microsoft MVP, [Voitanos](//github.com/voitanos)) [@andrewconnell](//github.com/andrewconnell) |
| QA                   | Rob Windsor (Microsoft MVP, PAIT Group) [@rob-windsor](//github.com/rob-windsor)                               |
| QA                   | Julie Turner (Microsoft MVP, Sympraxis Consulting) [@juliemturner](//github.com/juliemturner)                  |
| Sponsor / Support    | Yina Arenas (Microsoft) [@yinaa](//github.com/yinaa)                                                           |

## Version history

| Version |        Date        |                       Comments                       |
| ------- | ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.20    | September 13, 2021 | FY2022Q1 content refresh                             |
| 1.19    | May 26, 2021       | Refresh slides to new template                       |
| 1.18    | May 17, 2021       | FY2021Q4 content refresh                             |
| 1.17    | March 6, 2021      | FY2021Q3 content refresh                             |
| 1.16    | December 10, 2020  | FY2021Q2 content refresh                             |
| 1.15    | September 10, 2020 | FY2021Q1 content refresh                             |
| 1.14    | June 11, 2020      | 2020Q4 content refresh                               |
| 1.13    | March 10, 2020     | 2020Q3 content refresh                               |
| 1.12    | January 14, 2020   | Port module to MS Learn                              |
| 1.11    | December 9, 2019   | 2020Q2 content refresh                               |
| 1.10    | September 9, 2019  | 2020Q1 content refresh                               |
| 1.9     | June 18, 2019      | Updated readme to refreshed screencast recording     |
| 1.8     | May 29, 2018       | 2019Q4 content refresh                               |
| 1.7     | April 4, 2018      | 2019Q3 content refresh                               |
| 1.6     | December 18, 2018  | 2019Q2 content refresh                               |
| 1.5     | November 27, 2018  | Onboarded to docs.microsoft.com/graph                |
| 1.4     | September 12, 2018 | 2019Q1 content refresh                               |
| 1.3     | August 24, 2018    | Revised modules for consistency with other training. |
| 1.2     | June 28, 2018      | Added screencast.                                    |
| 1.1     | June 04, 2018      | Rewritten to use latest guidance.                    |
| 1.0     | ~November 24, 2017 | Add Microsoft Graph related product breakouts.       |

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED _AS IS_ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

<img src="https://telemetry.sharepointpnp.com/msgraph-training-aspnetmvcapp" />

Commit message:

FY22Q2 content refresh
- run through all exercise steps in associated MSLearn module to validate good working order
- updated steps & fixed typos where necessary
- updated slides where necessary
- update code samples to reflect MSLearn HOL exercise refresh & updates
- any & all users/names/company names/pictures/IDs are not real people/tenants... all are from M365 demo tenants provided by Microsoft

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Graph Training Module - Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK

This module will introduce you to working with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK in creating an ASP.NET MVC web application to access data in Office 365.

This module is based on the following Microsoft Learn module: [Build ASP.NET MVC web applications with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/msgraph-build-aspnetmvc-apps)

## Lab - Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK

The lab for this module is available in multiple units within the associated Microsoft Learn module. Use the following links to jump to the specific unit. Each Microsoft Learn unit represents a different lab exercise and demo in the presentation.

1. [Exercise: Create ASP.NET MVC web app and register Azure AD app](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/msgraph-build-aspnetmvc-apps/3-exercise-create-app)

   In this exercise, you'll create an ASP.NET MVC web application with Visual Studio and Azure AD application with the Azure Active Directory admin center. Once the application is created, you'll then add the necessary packages and libraries that support user authentication and requesting data from Microsoft Graph.

1. [Exercise: Incorporate the Microsoft Authentication Library into ASP.NET MVC web apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/msgraph-build-aspnetmvc-apps/5-exercise-add-auth)

   In this exercise, you'll extend the application from the previous exercise to support authentication with Azure AD. This is required to obtain the necessary OAuth access token to call the Microsoft Graph API. In this step, you'll integrate the OWIN middleware and the Microsoft Authentication Library library into the application.

1. [Exercise: Incorporate Microsoft Graph into ASP.NET MVC web apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/msgraph-build-aspnetmvc-apps/7-exercise-add-graph)

   In this exercise, you'll incorporate Microsoft Graph into the application. For this application, you'll use the Microsoft Graph Client Library for .NET to make calls to Microsoft Graph.

## Demos

1. [Create an ASP.NET MVC web app](./demos/01-create-app)
1. [Add Azure AD authentication](./demos/02-add-aad-auth)
1. [Add Microsoft Graph](./demos/03-add-msgraph)

## Watch the Module

This module has been recorded and is available in the Office Development YouTube channel: [Build MVC apps with the Microsoft Graph .NET SDK](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWZJrkeLOrbbvS7emYY-gPhLkMaXSPtQs)

## Contributors

| Roles                | Author(s)                                                                                                      |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Lab / Slides / Demos | Andrew Connell (Microsoft MVP, [Voitanos](//github.com/voitanos)) [@andrewconnell](//github.com/andrewconnell) |
| QA                   | Rob Windsor (Microsoft MVP, PAIT Group) [@rob-windsor](//github.com/rob-windsor)                               |
| QA                   | Julie Turner (Microsoft MVP, Sympraxis Consulting) [@juliemturner](//github.com/juliemturner)                  |
| Sponsor / Support    | Yina Arenas (Microsoft) [@yinaa](//github.com/yinaa)                                                           |

## Version history

| Version |        Date        |                       Comments                       |
| ------- | ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.21    | December 8, 2021   | FY2022Q2 content refresh                             |
| 1.20    | September 13, 2021 | FY2022Q1 content refresh                             |
| 1.19    | May 26, 2021       | Refresh slides to new template                       |
| 1.18    | May 17, 2021       | FY2021Q4 content refresh                             |
| 1.17    | March 6, 2021      | FY2021Q3 content refresh                             |
| 1.16    | December 10, 2020  | FY2021Q2 content refresh                             |
| 1.15    | September 10, 2020 | FY2021Q1 content refresh                             |
| 1.14    | June 11, 2020      | 2020Q4 content refresh                               |
| 1.13    | March 10, 2020     | 2020Q3 content refresh                               |
| 1.12    | January 14, 2020   | Port module to MS Learn                              |
| 1.11    | December 9, 2019   | 2020Q2 content refresh                               |
| 1.10    | September 9, 2019  | 2020Q1 content refresh                               |
| 1.9     | June 18, 2019      | Updated readme to refreshed screencast recording     |
| 1.8     | May 29, 2018       | 2019Q4 content refresh                               |
| 1.7     | April 4, 2018      | 2019Q3 content refresh                               |
| 1.6     | December 18, 2018  | 2019Q2 content refresh                               |
| 1.5     | November 27, 2018  | Onboarded to docs.microsoft.com/graph                |
| 1.4     | September 12, 2018 | 2019Q1 content refresh                               |
| 1.3     | August 24, 2018    | Revised modules for consistency with other training. |
| 1.2     | June 28, 2018      | Added screencast.                                    |
| 1.1     | June 04, 2018      | Rewritten to use latest guidance.                    |
| 1.0     | ~November 24, 2017 | Add Microsoft Graph related product breakouts.       |

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED _AS IS_ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

<img src="https://telemetry.sharepointpnp.com/msgraph-training-aspnetmvcapp" />
