Demos/03-add-msgraph/README.md, before:

# How to run the completed project

## Prerequisites

To run the completed project in this folder, you need the following:

- [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) installed on your development machine. If you do not have Visual Studio, visit the previous link for download options. (**Note:** This tutorial was written with Visual Studio 2017 version 15.81. The steps in this guide may work with other versions, but that has not been tested.)
- Either a personal Microsoft account with a mailbox on Outlook.com, or a Microsoft work or school account.

If you don't have a Microsoft account, there are a couple of options to get a free account:

- You can [sign up for a new personal Microsoft account](https://signup.live.com/signup?wa=wsignin1.0&rpsnv=12&ct=1454618383&rver=6.4.6456.0&wp=MBI_SSL_SHARED&wreply=https://mail.live.com/default.aspx&id=64855&cbcxt=mai&bk=1454618383&uiflavor=web&uaid=b213a65b4fdc484382b6622b3ecaa547&mkt=E-US&lc=1033&lic=1).
- You can [sign up for the Office 365 Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/office/dev-program) to get a free Office 365 subscription.

## Register a web application with the Application Registration Portal

1. Open a browser and navigate to the [Application Registration Portal](https://apps.dev.microsoft.com). Login using a **personal account** (aka: Microsoft Account) or **Work or School Account**.

1. Select **Add an app** at the top of the page.

    > **Note:** If you see more than one **Add an app** button on the page, select the one that corresponds to the **Converged apps** list.

1. On the **Register your application** page, set the **Application Name** to **ASP.NET Graph Tutorial** and select **Create**.

    ![Screenshot of creating a new app in the App Registration Portal website](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-01.png)

1. On the **ASP.NET Graph Tutorial Registration** page, under the **Properties** section, copy the **Application Id** as you will need it later.

    ![Screenshot of newly created application's ID](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-02.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Application Secrets** section.

    1. Select **Generate New Password**.
    1. In the **New password generated** dialog, copy the contents of the box as you will need it later.

        > **Important:** This password is never shown again, so make sure you copy it now.

    ![Screenshot of newly created application's password](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-03.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Platforms** section.

    1. Select **Add Platform**.
    1. In the **Add Platform** dialog, select **Web**.

        ![Screenshot creating a platform for the app](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-04.png)

    1. In the **Web** platform box, enter the URL `http://localhost:64107/` for the **Redirect URLs**.

        ![Screenshot of the newly added Web platform for the application](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-05.png)

1. Scroll to the bottom of the page and select **Save**.

## Configure the sample

1. Rename the `PrivateSettings.config.example` file to `PrivateSettings.config`.
1. Edit the `PrivateSettings.config` file and make the following changes.
    1. Replace `YOUR_APP_ID_HERE` with the **Application Id** you got from the App Registration Portal.
    1. Replace `YOUR_APP_PASSWORD_HERE` with the password you got from the App Registration Portal.
1. Open `graph-tutorial.sln` in Visual Studio. In Solution Explorer, right-click the **graph-tutorial** solution and choose **Restore NuGet Packages**.

## Run the sample

In Visual Studio, press **F5** or choose **Debug > Start Debugging**.

Commit message:

Update for FY2019Q3-QA Refresh
Update from .NET Framework 4.7 to 4.7.2 -- causes issue with System.Net.Http, so this took major refactoring.
Updated 30 packages - Netwonsoft.Json 12.0.1 was not compatible with Microsoft.Graph
Fixed gitignore to remove 3rd party packages and information in README.MD to indicate to users how to restore their projects.
Screen capture change for create new application

Demos/03-add-msgraph/README.md, after:

# How to run the completed project

Installing NuGet packages adds content to the /packages, /Content & /Scripts folders. The files within the /Content & /Scripts folders frequently contain 3rd party libraries which do not include redistributable licenses. Therefore the files in these folders are not included in the repository. The NuGet restore process will not repopulate these folders, only a NuGet reinstall of the package will do that. Therefore you will need to reinstall all packages using the NuGet CLI to repopulate these folders if you want to run the final built solution locally. Refer to the following for more information: [Microsoft Docs – How to reinstall and update packages](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/reinstalling-and-updating-packages).”

## Prerequisites

To run the completed project in this folder, you need the following:

- [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) installed on your development machine. If you do not have Visual Studio, visit the previous link for download options. (**Note:** This tutorial was written with Visual Studio 2017 version 15.81. The steps in this guide may work with other versions, but that has not been tested.)
- Either a personal Microsoft account with a mailbox on Outlook.com, or a Microsoft work or school account.

If you don't have a Microsoft account, there are a couple of options to get a free account:

- You can [sign up for a new personal Microsoft account](https://signup.live.com/signup?wa=wsignin1.0&rpsnv=12&ct=1454618383&rver=6.4.6456.0&wp=MBI_SSL_SHARED&wreply=https://mail.live.com/default.aspx&id=64855&cbcxt=mai&bk=1454618383&uiflavor=web&uaid=b213a65b4fdc484382b6622b3ecaa547&mkt=E-US&lc=1033&lic=1).
- You can [sign up for the Office 365 Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/office/dev-program) to get a free Office 365 subscription.

## Register a web application with the Application Registration Portal

1. Open a browser and navigate to the [Application Registration Portal](https://apps.dev.microsoft.com). Login using a **personal account** (aka: Microsoft Account) or **Work or School Account**.

1. Select **Add an app** at the top of the page.

    > **Note:** If you see more than one **Add an app** button on the page, select the one that corresponds to the **Converged apps** list.

1. On the **Register your application** page, set the **Application Name** to **ASP.NET Graph Tutorial** and select **Create**.

    ![Screenshot of creating a new app in the App Registration Portal website](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-01.png)

1. On the **ASP.NET Graph Tutorial Registration** page, under the **Properties** section, copy the **Application Id** as you will need it later.

    ![Screenshot of newly created application's ID](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-02.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Application Secrets** section.

    1. Select **Generate New Password**.
    1. In the **New password generated** dialog, copy the contents of the box as you will need it later.

        > **Important:** This password is never shown again, so make sure you copy it now.

    ![Screenshot of newly created application's password](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-03.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Platforms** section.

    1. Select **Add Platform**.
    1. In the **Add Platform** dialog, select **Web**.

        ![Screenshot creating a platform for the app](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-04.png)

    1. In the **Web** platform box, enter the URL `http://localhost:64107/` for the **Redirect URLs**.

        ![Screenshot of the newly added Web platform for the application](/tutorial/images/arp-create-app-05.png)

1. Scroll to the bottom of the page and select **Save**.

## Configure the sample

1. Rename the `PrivateSettings.config.example` file to `PrivateSettings.config`.
1. Edit the `PrivateSettings.config` file and make the following changes.
    1. Replace `YOUR_APP_ID_HERE` with the **Application Id** you got from the App Registration Portal.
    1. Replace `YOUR_APP_PASSWORD_HERE` with the password you got from the App Registration Portal.
1. Open `graph-tutorial.sln` in Visual Studio. In Solution Explorer, right-click the **graph-tutorial** solution and choose **Restore NuGet Packages**.

## Run the sample

In Visual Studio, press **F5** or choose **Debug > Start Debugging**.
